Good girl
Get up!
Before the age of 18
I am proud of you.
After the age of 18
I will make you proud of me
You have always been a source of pride for Dad
It used to be.
It is now.
And always will be.
My dad is a proud man
I've always known
As a man
Which one has no pride in their heart?
But I'm afraid for me
Forcibly broke his arrogance
I grew up
Constant urination
Liansheng my mother
They all think I'm a slob
It's my dad who supports me
Let me take care of my body a little bit
Dad?
I've always known
Mom divorces you
Most of the reason is because of me
In the eyes of others
I am a joke
They laughed at me for being a jerk
Laugh at me for nothing
Only you
From the bottom of my heart, I feel that I am your baby
To raise me
How much have you done for me?
Bit by bit
You keep it all in mind
For me
You bend over
Bow your head or even kneel
I just want to say one word
Be your daughter in this life
I am infinitely proud
Afterlife
I want to be your daughter
Good daughter
Good daughter dad gave you this life
This life is worth it